[WIP] Added Slave Database Connection Information (#7924)
magento/devdocs: src/cloud/project/services-mysql.md

      ```bash
      mysql -h<db> -P<number> -u<username> -p<password>
      ```

> ## Slave Database connection
> 
> {:.bs-callout-info}
> If there is a requirement to connect to the Slave database, then the port *3304* should be used. For full information on
> accessing the Slave database, consult the [Magento Commerce Cloud best practice for slave connection](https://support.magento.com/hc/en-us/articles/360049045351) article.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Connect to secondary database

In some cases, you might need to connect to the secondary database, for example to improve database performance or resolve database locking issues. If this configuration is required, use port **3304** to establish the connection. See the [Magento Commerce Cloud best practice for slave connection](https://support.magento.com/hc/en-us/articles/360049045351) article in the _Magento Help Center_].   
```
